all right there's your first 10 and
we'll have the rest down a few minutes
if you're ready i'll start the clock
right start with the first bite about
that
and he's off
it's really good a lot better than a
chicken I made it home a lot better
my knees were bees and I was wearing
ties or jammas I would be in the back
this whole thing is kinda shadow
that girl that just alerted my chicken
was a little disgusted by me I'm about
your won't
you can see when Kevin starts to slow
down a tiny bit at the beginning he's
not even halfway through and he's
already hit that sort of phase of its
tried so I'm not entirely sold on this
1k
right on the chicken cross the road
one is lead generator story
divide and conquer
big bucks big big bucks I'm a
mathematician a chicken statistician
he's drunk off chicken about just a
little smaller
it's 31
dude please do not shatter my dreams
they're just getting hard to breathe
Garfield Brown internet that plate of
chicken is your worst enemy
ha
surprise
all right got it I'm a girl that's it
and